attributeName	code	definition
DissAmmonia_Sign	<	"Below reporting limit. The value in the corresponding column represents the reporting limit, not the actual measured value (since the measured value was below the reporting limit and thus could not be measured). If the value in the correspondinc column is NA, the reporting value is unknown and the true value is below it."
DissAmmonia_Sign	=	The value in the corresponding column is the true mesasured value because the measured value was at or above the reporting limit
DissAmmonia_Sign	~	The value in the corresponding column is estimated.
DissNitrateNitrite_Sign	<	"Below reporting limit. The value in the corresponding column represents the reporting limit, not the actual measured value (since the measured value was below the reporting limit and thus could not be measured). If the value in the correspondinc column is NA, the reporting value is unknown and the true value is below it."
DissNitrateNitrite_Sign	=	The value in the corresponding column is the true mesasured value because the measured value was at or above the reporting limit
DissNitrateNitrite_Sign	~	The value in the corresponding column is estimated.
DissOrthophos_Sign	<	"Below reporting limit. The value in the corresponding column represents the reporting limit, not the actual measured value (since the measured value was below the reporting limit and thus could not be measured). If the value in the correspondinc column is NA, the reporting value is unknown and the true value is below it."
DissOrthophos_Sign	=	The value in the corresponding column is the true mesasured value because the measured value was at or above the reporting limit
DissOrthophos_Sign	~	The value in the corresponding column is estimated.
Chlorophyll_Sign	<	"Below reporting limit. The value in the corresponding column represents the reporting limit, not the actual measured value (since the measured value was below the reporting limit and thus could not be measured). If the value in the correspondinc column is NA, the reporting value is unknown and the true value is below it."
Chlorophyll_Sign	=	The value in the corresponding column is the true mesasured value because the measured value was at or above the reporting limit
Chlorophyll_Sign	~	The value in the corresponding column is estimated.
Field_coords	FALSE	"Coordinates were not recorded in the field. These coordinates represent the target location (e.g., location of the fixed sampling station)."
Field_coords	TRUE	Coordinates were recorded in the field and represent the exact location the sample was collected
Microcystis	1	absent
Microcystis	2	low
Microcystis	3	medium
Microcystis	4	high
Microcystis	5	very high
Source	20mm	20-mm Survey
Source	Baystudy	San Francisco Bay Study
Source	DJFMP	Delta Juvenile Fish Monitoring Program
Source	EDSM	Enhanced Delta Smelt Monitoring
Source	EMP	Environmental Monitoring Program
Source	FMWT	Fall Midwater Trawl
Source	SDO	Stockton Dissolved Oxygen Monitoring
Source	SKT	Spring Kodiak Trawl
Source	SLS	Smelt Larva Survey
Source	STN	Summer Townet Survey
Source	Suisun	Suisun Marsh Fish Study
Source	USBR	USBR Sacramento Deepwater Shipping Channel Survey
Source	USGS_SFBS	USGS San Francisco Bay Survey
Source	YBFMP	Yolo Bypass Fish Monitoring Program
Source	USGS_CAWSC	USGS California Water Science Center discrete water quality data
Tide	Ebb	Ebb tide
Tide	Flood	Flood tide
Tide	High Slack	High Slack tide
Tide	Low Slack	Low Slack tide
Tide	Overtopping	Periods of floodplain inundation that drown out tidal effects. Only used by YBFMP
Secchi_estimated	TRUE	Secchi depth was estimated
Secchi_estimated	FALSE	Secchi depth was not estimated
